README.md, before:

![Header](assets/media//header-image.png)

<span style="display: block; margin-top: 40px;"></span>

## 🤖 Tools and Technologies

![HTML](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/HTML.svg)
![CSS](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/CSS.svg)
![JS](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/JS.svg)
![TS](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/TS.svg)
![Redux](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Redux.svg)
![Ruby](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Ruby.svg)
![Rails](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Rails.svg)
![Python](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Python.svg)
![Node](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Node.svg)
![React](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/React.svg)
![Android](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Android.svg)
![Apple](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Apple.svg)
![Google Cloud](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/GCP.svg)
![Firebase](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Firebase.svg)
![AWS](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/AWS.svg)

<hr style="height:1px;border:none;color:#4AA9DE;background-color:#4AA9DE;">
<span style="display: block; margin-top: 40px;"></span>

<!-- BIO -->

## :art: Bio

Software engineer with a background in consultative sales, and a deep-seated passion for music.

My professional experience revolves around collaborating with clients and team members to tackle complex challenges head-on, crafting novel solutions, and bringing ideas to fruition. Inspired by my love for music composition, my approach to software design and development emphasizes clarity and elegance, translating abstract concepts into practical, impactful solutions.

<hr style="height:1px;border:none;color:#4AA9DE;background-color:#4AA9DE;">
<span style="display: block; margin-top: 40px;"></span>

<!-- Featured Project -->
## :star2: Featured Project
[![ChatrrApp Feature Highlight](./assets/media/chatrrapp-thumbnail.png)](https://vimeo.com/945420328?share=copy)

<!-- Project Details -->
![Header](assets/media/project-description.png)

<!-- Contact Info -->

## 💬 Get In Touch

[![LinkedIn](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/LinkedIn.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/phillup-zukowski/)
[![Email](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Email.svg)](mailto:phillup.zukowski@gmail.com)

<hr style="height:1px;border:none;color:#4AA9DE;background-color:#4AA9DE;">
<span style="display: block; margin-top: 40px;"></span>

<!-- OTHER INFO -->

<details style="border-top: none; border-bottom: .5px solid #4AA9DE;">
<summary style="padding: 0.5em; padding-bottom: 1em; cursor: pointer;">🌄 My journey into tech</summary>
This is the additional information that will appear when the dropdown is expanded.
</details>
<span style="display: block; margin-top: 20px;"></span>

<details style="border-top: none; border-bottom: .5px solid #4AA9DE;">
<summary style="padding: 0.5em; padding-bottom: 1em; cursor: pointer;">🏆 My proudest achievement</summary>
This is the additional information that will appear when the dropdown is expanded.
</details>

<span style="display: block; margin-top: 20px;"></span>
<details style="border-top: none; border-bottom: .5px solid #4AA9DE;">
<summary style="padding: 0.5em; padding-bottom: 1em; cursor: pointer;">💻 I'm currently working on</summary>
This is the additional information that will appear when the dropdown is expanded.
</details>

<span style="display: block; margin-top: 20px;"></span>
<details style="border-top: none; border-bottom: .5px solid #4AA9DE;">
<summary style="padding: 0.5em; padding-bottom: 1em; cursor: pointer; color: fff;">📖 I'm currently learning</summary>
This is the additional information that will appear when the dropdown is expanded.
</details>

<span style="display: block; margin-top: 20px;"></span>

Commit message:

feat: added Journey into tech section

README.md, after:

![Header](assets/media//header-image.png)

<span style="display: block; margin-top: 40px;"></span>

## 🤖 Tools and Technologies

![HTML](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/HTML.svg)
![CSS](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/CSS.svg)
![JS](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/JS.svg)
![TS](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/TS.svg)
![Redux](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Redux.svg)
![Ruby](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Ruby.svg)
![Rails](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Rails.svg)
![Python](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Python.svg)
![Node](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Node.svg)
![React](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/React.svg)
![Android](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Android.svg)
![Apple](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Apple.svg)
![Google Cloud](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/GCP.svg)
![Firebase](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Firebase.svg)
![AWS](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/AWS.svg)

<hr style="height:1px;border:none;color:#4AA9DE;background-color:#4AA9DE;">
<span style="display: block; margin-top: 40px;"></span>

<!-- BIO -->

## :art: Bio

Software engineer with a background in consultative sales, and a deep-seated passion for music.

My professional experience revolves around collaborating with clients and team members to tackle complex challenges head-on, crafting novel solutions, and bringing ideas to fruition. Inspired by my love for music composition, my approach to software design and development emphasizes clarity and elegance, translating abstract concepts into practical, impactful solutions.

<hr style="height:1px;border:none;color:#4AA9DE;background-color:#4AA9DE;">
<span style="display: block; margin-top: 40px;"></span>

<!-- Featured Project -->
## :star2: Featured Project
[![ChatrrApp Feature Highlight](./assets/media/chatrrapp-thumbnail.png)](https://vimeo.com/945420328?share=copy)

<!-- Project Details -->
![Header](assets/media/project-description.png)

<!-- Contact Info -->

## 💬 Get In Touch

[![LinkedIn](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/LinkedIn.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/phillup-zukowski/)
[![Email](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Phillupz/PhillupZ/main/assets/svg/Email.svg)](mailto:phillup.zukowski@gmail.com)

<hr style="height:1px;border:none;color:#4AA9DE;background-color:#4AA9DE;">
<span style="display: block; margin-top: 40px;"></span>

<!-- OTHER INFO -->

<details style="border-top: none; border-bottom: .5px solid #4AA9DE;">
<summary style="padding: 0.5em; padding-bottom: 1em; cursor: pointer;">🌄 My journey into tech</summary>

#### 🎇 The Spark

Picture me at 14, in a computer tech class, eyes glued to the screen, soaking in every word from the teacher. The task? To program a small remote-controlled vehicle to navigate a figure eight. It took a bit of head-scratching, maybe a little more than a bit, but when it finally zipped through the course on its own, it felt like witnessing magic. That's the moment my love affair with software engineering ignited.

#### 👷‍♂️ Navigating Trades

Life's currents swept me straight from high school into the workforce. Following my older brother's lead, I dove into roofing, learning the ropes as an installer and eventually gearing up for a leadership role as foreman. But dreams, they're funny creatures. Sometimes they get obscured in the everyday hustle. So, I made a pivot into sales, diving headfirst into the world of digital marketing at a startup called MyFitCoach. It was a rollercoaster ride - a few loops, a couple of hairpin turns, and an unexpected stop when the startup hit a dead end.

Undeterred, I switched gears yet again, this time joining the Glaziers union, working in curtain wall manufacturing. Crafting glass structures from blueprint to installation was rewarding, but the itch for something more persisted.

#### 💼 Back to Sales

Back to the drawing board, back to sales. Armed with stacks of books and a thirst for knowledge, I embarked on a journey that led me to HomeAdvisor and eventually to ADT Security Service. The thrill of being recognized as rookie of the month in the Northeast was exhilarating, but beneath the surface, a quiet voice urged me to explore a path that resonated deeper within.

#### 🌄 The Leap

And so, I embarked on a journey of self-discovery. Personality tests, deep introspection, and a sprinkle of meditation revealed what my heart had known for years - software engineering wasn't just a career choice; it was my calling. With newfound clarity, I took the leap and applied to Flatiron School, a beacon of learning in the realm of full-stack development.

The boot camp was no walk in the park, but with grit and determination, I conquered each challenge. Post-graduation, the road to securing an entry-level position proved rocky, marked by rejections and setbacks. But amidst the storm, the silver lining shone bright - I was pursuing my passion, honing skills that would shape not just my career, but my entire life's trajectory.

#### 🚀 TeleCAIN and Beyond

Then came TeleCAIN, a pivotal chapter in my journey. Collaborating with an exceptional team, we brought ChatrrApp to life, etching our mark in the annals of tech history.

And the adventure continues, fueled by a relentless drive to innovate, to create, and to build - whether it's for an organization or for my own aspirations. Because in the end, it's not just about the job title or the paycheck; it's about the joy of crafting something meaningful, something that leaves a lasting impact. And that, my friend, is what keeps me going.
</details>
<span style="display: block; margin-top: 20px;"></span>

<details style="border-top: none; border-bottom: .5px solid #4AA9DE;">
<summary style="padding: 0.5em; padding-bottom: 1em; cursor: pointer;">🏆 My proudest achievement</summary>
This is the additional information that will appear when the dropdown is expanded.
</details>

<span style="display: block; margin-top: 20px;"></span>
<details style="border-top: none; border-bottom: .5px solid #4AA9DE;">
<summary style="padding: 0.5em; padding-bottom: 1em; cursor: pointer;">💻 I'm currently working on</summary>
This is the additional information that will appear when the dropdown is expanded.
</details>

<span style="display: block; margin-top: 20px;"></span>
<details style="border-top: none; border-bottom: .5px solid #4AA9DE;">
<summary style="padding: 0.5em; padding-bottom: 1em; cursor: pointer; color: fff;">📖 I'm currently learning</summary>
This is the additional information that will appear when the dropdown is expanded.
</details>

<span style="display: block; margin-top: 20px;"></span>
